edge skip copying stages to the hosts (#1448)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04-clusters/03-edge/02-edge-configuration/30-cloud-init.md

  Once the edge hosts are prepared with the initial installation, you ship your devices to the site for installation. This step is also called the *installer handoff* step. Refer to the [Prepare Edge Host
](/clusters/edge/site-deployment/stage#prepareedgehost) guide to learn more about driving the installer handoff step.

- **Site Installation Phase** - In the site installation phase, you use supplementary user data to apply site-specific configurations to the edge devices. The user data is copied to the edge host during the installation unless you follow the specific naming convention for your user data stages as described below. 

 The [Perform Site Install](/clusters/edge/site-deployment/site-installation) guide describes the site installation process in detail. If you need to apply a supplementary user-data configuration file,  refer to the [Multiple User Data Use Case](/clusters/edge/edgeforge-workflow/prepare-user-data#multipleuserdatausecase) guide to learn more.

> In both steps mentioned above,  the Edge Installer copies the user data configuration file provided to the **/run/stylus/userdata** file or the **/oem/userdata** file on the edge hosts. If you want to prevent some user data stages from getting copied to the edge host's storage, you can use a specific naming convention to disable the default copy behavior. However, be aware that different persistence behaviors apply depending on which stage of the Edge deployment life cycle you provide sensitive data in the user data configuration file. Refer to the [Sensitive Information in the Site Installation](#sensitiveinformationduringthesiteinstallation) section below to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In both steps mentioned above, the Edge Installer copies the user data configuration file provided to the **/run/stylus/userdata** file or the **/oem/userdata** file on the edge hosts. If you want to prevent some user data stages from getting copied to the edge host's storage, you can use a specific naming convention to disable the default copy behavior. However, be aware that different persistence behaviors apply depending on which stage of the Edge deployment life cycle you provide sensitive data in the user data configuration file. Refer to the [Sensitive Information in the Site Installation](#sensitiveinformationduringthesiteinstallation) section below to learn more.
```

* If you have common configurations across a fleet of Edge host devices, customize the OS pack and use the cloud-init stages to apply those configurations. 

# Sensitive Information in the User Data Stages

Suppose you plan to use sensitive information in your user data stages. In the edge deployment lifecycle, you can apply user data to edge hosts during the staging and site installation steps, as highlighted in the diagram below.  

> ![A diagram highlighting the two stages in the edge deployment lifecycle where you can apply user data.](/edge_edge-configuration_cloud-init_user-data.png)

Reviewer: In the image text. Change "Includes a supplementary user data" to "Supports adding supplementary user data that is site specific"

](/clusters/edge/site-deployment/stage#prepareedgehost) guide to learn more about driving the installer handoff step.

- **Site Installation Step** - In the site installation step, you use supplementary user data to apply site-specific configurations to the edge devices. In this step, you create another USB flash drive using an ISO that contains your additional user data. You use the USB flash drive to install the site-specific configurations. The entire USB flash drive data is copied to the edge host during the installation unless you follow the specific naming convention for your user data stages as described below. 

  The [Perform Site Install](/clusters/edge/site-deployment/site-installation) guide describes the site installation process in detail. The site installation step is optional. You can refer to the [Multiple User Data Use Case](/clusters/edge/edgeforge-workflow/prepare-user-data#multipleuserdatausecase) guide to learn about the use cases for the site installation step.

> In both steps mentioned above,  the Edge Installer copies the user data from the USB flash drive to the **/run/stylus/userdata** file or the **/oem/userdata** file on the edge hosts. Suppose you want to keep some user data stages off the edge hosts. In such scenarios, we recommend applying the user data during the site installation step and using the specific naming convention for your user data stages, as described in the [Sensitive Information During the Site Installation](#sensitiveinformationduringthesiteinstallation) section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In both steps mentioned above,  the Edge Installer copies the user data configuration file provided to the **/run/stylus/userdata** file or the **/oem/userdata** file on the edge hosts. If you want to prevent some user data stages from getting copied to the edge host's storage, you can use a specific naming convention to disable the default copy behavior. However, be aware that different persistence behaviors apply depending on which stage of the Edge deployment life cycle you provide sensitive data in the user data configuration file. Refer to the [Sensitive Information During the Site Installation](#sensitiveinformationduringthesiteinstallation) section below to learn more.
```

This paragraph was phrased awkwardly. It started explaining the use case then it transitioned into a recommendation and then back to the use case and how.  I also removed the USB disk in the beginning because that don't always apply to the fist stage, as they could be using a PXE server to load the device.

<br />

## Sensitive Information in the Installer Handoff

<br />
<WarningBox>

> We do not recommend using sensitive information during the installer handoff step. Instead, you must consider using sensitive information during the site installation step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do not recommend inserting sensitive information in the user data configuration file provided in the installer handoff phase. Use a supplementary user data configuration file and apply it at the Site Installation phase. 
```
Language cleanup

</WarningBox>
<br />

> In the installer handoff step, the Edge Installer copies and persists *all* your user data stages into the configuration files on the edge hosts. Copying sensitive information to the edge hosts may pose security risks. Therefore, we do not recommend using sensitive information during the installer handoff step. Instead, you must consider using sensitive information during the site installation step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the installer handoff step, the Edge Installer copies and persists *all* your user data stages into the configuration files on the edge hosts. Copying sensitive information to the edge hosts may pose security risks. Therefore, we recommend you avoid inserting sensitive information in the user data configuration file provided in the installer handoff phase. Use a supplementary user data configuration file and apply it at the Site Installation phase.
```

Active voice is more direct and removes room for error.

> Suppose you consciously want to pass some sensitive information in the user data during the installer handoff step. In that case, you must specify `powerOff: true` in the install section of user data to ensure the devices are shut down when you ship them to the site. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This is irrelevant to the topic. All it's stating is to power off the device. That has nothing to do with the behavior of persisting sensitive data.

<br />

## Sensitive Information in the Site Installation

> If you want to use sensitive information, such as credentials for patching the OS on your edge hosts, in any user data stage during the site installation step. In such scenarios, you must use the `skip-copy-[string]` naming convention for your user data stages. Replace the `[string]` placeholder with any meaningful string per your requirements. The Edge Installer will skip copying the stages whose name matches the regular expression `skip-copy-*` to the edge hosts. The stages will execute as long as the USB flash drive is mounted to the edge hosts.  
> 
> For example, the `skip-copy-subscribe` stage below follows the `skip-copy-[string]` naming convention. Therefore, the Edge Installer will skip copying the stage to the **/run/stylus/userdata** file or the **/oem/userdata** file on the edge hosts. However, the stage will execute as long as you have plugged in the USB flash drive containing your user data. You must unmount the USB flash drive from the edge device after the device registers with Palette and before you deploy a Kubernetes cluster on the device. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use sensitive information, such as credentials for patching the OS on your edge hosts, in any user data stage during the site installation step. In such scenarios, you must use the `skip-copy-[string]` naming convention for your user data stages. Replace the `[string]` placeholder with any meaningful string per your requirements. The Edge Installer will skip copying the stages whose name matches the regular expression `skip-copy-*` to the edge host. The stages will execute as long as the USB flash drive is mounted to the edge hosts.  

For example, the `skip-copy-subscribe` stage below follows the `skip-copy-[string]` naming convention. Therefore, the Edge Installer will skip copying the stage to the **/run/stylus/userdata** file or the **/oem/userdata** file on the edge host. However, the stage will execute as long as you have plugged in the USB flash drive containing your user data. You must unmount the USB flash drive from the edge device after the device registers with Palette and before you deploy a Kubernetes cluster on the device. 
```
